How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Fill in your answer here

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Fill in your answer here

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Fill in your answer here

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

    Fill in your answer here

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?	
	Logical changes are important.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	Git is concerning a more complex system which contains abundant of basic files. 	While Google Docs treat each file independently.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	When I am under the target directory, I can directly use "log git" to see all the 	commits made. Right after that, I can use git diff to compare two versions of file 	seperated by commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
	Definitely using version control makes me more comfortable to make changes on my 	code since I don't worry about that I can not restore the previous version. And I 	can always track where the bug was introduced.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	create a repository!!

REFLECTION 2

What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	All the files in that repository are untracked files. I need to get them tracked 	first.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
	Staging area is a buffer for the files which go from working directory to the 		repository. It reduce the probability of making mistake when making a commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
	Every time when a commit is going to be made, always use "git diff" to check what 	is in the staging area.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	With circle and arrow to show the relation of commits and branches.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
	There is going to be only one version of branches containing all the commits from 	both the previous branches. Easier to understand?

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	Automatic:
	pros: Save time and labour; cons: have to train git well to learn what to 		undertake under different situations.
	Manually:
	Pros: clearly know what happened in final file and use expertise to distinguish 	the situation; cons: time consuming.


1111